so ring friends this video had to
perezalit on technical issues here
By the way, the third winner I wrote already
sent him the prize everything is fine and in
Overall, we are waiting for 2 winners for now
did not answer well I think will answer all soon
hi dear friends swami marakasi
today I would like to summarize the competition
for 5000 gold, that is, there were two prizes
2 500 gold and in fact I already
recorded a video well, at least I thought
what i'm writing but there are buggy fraps and
just what I said there chose
the winner is he mean by chance
I selected using random.org all
I did not sign up I was just very shocked
strongly fraps let me down but none the less
I wrote to the winners and even to one
gave the prize here's the first winner
Alexander
believe n cypher he already got a prize and
here even the screenshot sent me where it
got a prize and even have me
notice that here is a prism
You came here 2,500 golds here it is
per person you can write to him and
make sure that when the family was awarded a
also the second winner here he is Fedor
Latukhina
so let's see, too, I wrote to him
year but he has not yet answered him apparently
no, so far, what's online here is 859 he came in
probably have to work will be pleased and
so friends I decided another third
the winner give gold well all the same yes it
my mistake although there were three conditions
thousands of participants then 3 urge but
since this is such a garbage I happened
I also decided to win the third prize for
2,500 gold and let's it now
hopefully make a fraction write it down or
I will delete finally and so and 2076
participants all right right run
barrel organ and win 3 prizes
at number two hundred now we will find him
damn how to be uncomfortable I already understood
Well, in general, holding competitions is
I liked the good idea and I rather
I will still hold contests with
big prizes that is just the beginning
friends and you are not in vain signed too
believe there will be much more
interesting and so where is our winner 200
good number weird writes something like that
that's 200 ok
Danil Andreevich
arbitrariness danila we are now you
write
so friends i hope you all understand
that here are these first two prizes
the same was even there it was clear that
The second prize winner mine at such a number
this site can not be fooled
it is generally all honest and so but I hope
you liked the contest and write your own
comments about whether you want more
see some contests on my channel
thanks again for watching good luck